SQL Server
-------------
DB Design
SP / SQL STATEMENTS
Difference between DELETE  and TRUNCATE Commands
Difference between Clustered and a Non-clustered Index
MATERIALIZED VIEW
CTE
Why can’t I use Outer Join in an Indexed View?
What is the Difference between a Local and a Global Temporary Table?
What is the STUFF Function and How Does it Differ from the REPLACE Function?
What is an Execution Plan? When would you Use it? How would you View the Execution Plan?
What is Use of @@ SPID in SQL Server?
How to Enable/Disable Indexes?
What are the basic functions for master, msdb, model, tempdb and resource databases?
What is CTE?
What is MERGE Statement
What is ROW_NUMBER()?
What are Ranking Functions?
What is Change Data Capture (CDC) in SQL Server 2008?
What is Difference between ROLLBACK IMMEDIATE and WITH NO_WAIT during ALTER DATABASE?
How to Stop Log File Growing too Big?
COALSECC
Datawarehouse 
--------------
What are Lookup Tables?
What are Aggregate Tables?
What is Real-Time Data-Warehousing?
If denormalizing improves Data Warehouse Processes, then why is the Fact Table is in the Normal Form?
What are Conformed Dimensions?
What is a Conformed Fact?
How do you Load the Time Dimension?
What is a Level of Granularity of a Fact Table?
What are Non-Additive Facts?
What is a Factless Facts Table?
What are Slowly Changing Dimensions (SCD)?
Cube Processing Methods
Cube Security

SSRS
----------

Question: What does rdl stand for?
Answer: Report Definition Language
Question: How to deploy an SSRS Report?
Answer: Configure project properties (for multiple environments) and deploy from bids, upload manually or use rs.exe for command line deployment.
Question: What is Report Manager?
Answer: Web based tool that allows to access and run reports.
Question: What is Report Builder?
Answer: Report Builder is a self-service tool for end users.
Question: What permission do you need to give to users to enable them to use Report Builder?
Answer: "Report Builder" role and "system user". Report builder should also be enable in report server properties.
Question: What do you need to restore report server database on another machine?
Answer: SSRS Encryption key
Question: Can you create subscription using windows authentication?
Answer: No.
Question: What caching options do you have for reports on report server? Cache a Report (Report Manager)
Answer: Do no cache, expiry cache after x minute, on schedule.
Question: How to find slow running reports?
Answer: Check ReportExecution table
Question: How can you make calendar available in report parameter?
Answer: Set parameter data type to date.
Question: How to pass multi-valued parameter to stored procedure in dataset?
Answer: Join function in SSRS and split function in T-SQL
Question: Which functions are used to pass parameter to MDX query?
Answer: StrToMember and StrToSet
Question: How to create "dependant" parameter "Make, Model, Year"
Answer: They need to be in correct order, and previous parameter should filter next parameter dataset. For instance Model dataset should be filtered using Make parameter
Question: How to create "alternate row colour"?
Answer: use RowNumber and Mod function OR visit our tutorial.
Question: How to create percentile function?
Answer: Custom code is required. Visit our tutorial for more details.
Question: How to create median function?
Answer: Custom code is required. Visit our tutorial for more details.
Question: How to make conditional sum in SSRS?
Answer: IIF condition true then SUM else nothing. Visit our tutorial for more details
Question: How to find a value in another dataset based on current dataset field (SSRS 2008 R2)?
Answer: Use lookup function.
Question: How to change parameter value inside the report?
Answer: Set action. "Jump to itself" and pass different value for the parameter.
Question: How to identify current user in SSRS Report?
Answer: User!UserID


Design the report to support pagination.
 The report server sends a report one page at a time. If the report includes pagination, you can control how much data is streamed to the browser. For more information, see Preload the Cache (Report Manager).
Configure the report to run as a scheduled report snapshot to prevent it from being run on demand. Do not set a time-out value for report execution. Run the report during off-peak hours.
Configure the report to use a shared data source if you want to control whether the report is processed. One advantage to using a shared data source is that you can disable it. Disabling the data source prevents report processing.
Disable report history if you want to conserve disk space. To disable report history, clear all the check boxes on the History properties page.
Limit access to the report. Configure the report to use item-level security and replace the default role assignments with new ones that allow access to only those users that need it.
SSIS
-------
https://www.katieandemil.com/ssis-interview-questions-and-answers-pdf-download?tab=article
SSIS Questions For Freshers
Question 1: What is the difference between Control Flow and Data Flow? [Answer]
Question 2: Name all types of containers in SSIS? [Answer]
Question 3: What is Precedence Constraint and give all available options. [Answer]
Question 4: Name all types of connections you have worked with in SSIS. [Answer]
SSIS Questions for Experienced
Question 5: What is the following SQL Server connections: OLEDB, ODBC and SQLClient? [Answer]
Question 6: Name all types of transformation you have worked with in SSIS. [Answer]
Question 7: What is the difference between Union and Merge? [Answer]
Question 8: What is the difference between Lookup and Merge Join? [Answer]
Question 9: What is a data flow buffer? [Answer]
Question 10: How can you ensure your package works when you move it to another server? [Answer]
Question 11: How can you deploy SSIS Package (or Project). [Answer]
SFTP file import / export ways..? WinSCP,FileZilla
question 12: Transformation category -Asynchronous- No blocking Synchronous- parital blocking, full blocking.	